Thank you for taking the time for this. These projects I completed or in-process are intended for potential employers to view, assess skill level and generally make decisions on employment possbilities. These project are in MS Excel format. If you dont have Excel, I can send screenshots iva e mail. 
1) business_update.xlsx was a project I created from a internet download database. INSIGHTS: A) Sales volume over the 3 years followed a rather steep decline. B) The pandemic of 2020 had a huge negative influence on sales volume.  C) Accessories, bikes and clothing have consistantly outpreformed components.  RECOMMENDATIONS: Increase funding for Accessories, bikes and clothing while decrease funding for components. 
2) Corona Virus (Covid-19) Temp was a project I created from the WHO data center download on the COvid-19. INSIGHTS: A) From 2020 to 2023 reported infections and deaths followed an upward trend, both seeming to peak in 2023 B) The mortality rate in 2020 was approx. 2.4% while 2023 was apporx. .89%. This can be attrributed to a less virulent virus, increase in overall vaccination rate and prevenitive measures being adopted. RECOMMENDATIONS:  Increase funding for various world organizations addressing the COVID, greater pressure on under-reporting countries to update their reported data. More efforts worldwide for co-operation among countries for future prevenative measures. *** NOTE: Its important to know these were only reported cases, where the actual number is believed to be much higher.***
3) Chat.openAI.com This was a AI experiment. This is only a temporary dashboard which will serve as a basis for a experiment in AI/Excel to produce a larger database with a longer time line. INSIGHTS: A) Mobile conversion rate of visits to purchase is considerably higher, 12.7% than the desktop B) Electronics category in dollar sales around $1200 more in volume than the next nearest ( home and garden ) category. RECOMMENDATIONS would be increase chanel funding for mobile and electronics, while keeping an eye on a possible cannabalizing effect. In other words, the net gain.  *** NOTE This AI generated file was limited for only a 2 day period which in the real world would not give a actionable recommendation. ***
4) LATEST_2020-2023 AI WORKBOOK Continuation of the above Chat.openAI.com experiment. The Chat rejected the initial prompt as requiring too much resorces, so I simply broke it down into 4 smaller steps and it worked. INSIGHTS: A) Software Sales and Electronics sales are projected to increase in 2024 while Hardware Sales lesser growth.  B) Security Assesory Sales are projected to remain unchanged in 2024.  RECOMMENDATIONS: Increase Software and Electronics funding $5,000 each, increase Hardware funding $3,000 to meet projected increase in 2024 sales while maintaining Security Assesories funding at current levels. 
